[ETF-589] feat: add saveItems method (#4)
getstation/frecency: README.md

}
```

### Save multiple items for a same query

> If you need to save several items, for example to init the frecency for the first time, it's recommended to use `saveItems` method instead of lopping on all your items and use `save` on each item

Reviewer: Typo:
```suggestion
If you need to save several items - to init the frecency for the first time, for example - it's recommended to use `saveItems` method instead of looping on all your items and use `save` on each of them.
```
